One thing that you have to master when
you're scaling up to seven figure months
is valued dense emails. One thing that
almost all high ticket product and
service-based businesses get wrong
nowadays is they just do these generic
really old school outdated kind of like
direct response and very like surface
level reminder-based email sequences.
This is not a standard video on this
channel. This is a mastery video and
every mastery video we do, we go really
indepth on the topic. We try to make
sure that you really walk away being
able to do it. Sure, we hold back a
little bit of stuff in a mastery video
for the paid members that we have in our
inner circle community and our master
internet marketing groups where they're
going to get the real sauce, things like
examples, which we won't cover in this
video here today. And again, just access
to be able to ask me questions about it
uh and ask obviously the communities
that they're a part of who are doing it
as well questions. But in this video,
you will learn a tremendous amount about
valued email sequences. It's going to be
really beneficial to you if you are on
your journey to trying to scale up to
seven figure months or add that next
million dollars a month on top of what
you're already generating. Now, we don't
make any income claims on this channel.
All we do is hand down the top lessons
from the 41 different businesses that
we've currently worked with and helped
get to the million-doll month benchmark.
So, again, no income claims for you. Not
saying you're going to actually make any
money with what we're going to teach and
talk about here today. Just handing down
some lessons to you in a little
byite-size clip here on YouTube. So,
welcome in. If you're new to the
channel, that's all we talk about,
million-dollar months. If you're already
a subscriber, welcome back. It's a
pleasure to have you, especially for
mastery videos like this one here today.
So, without further ado, let's dive in.
I get really annoyed when I come into a
business. And I see that there are these
generic surface level
reminder-based selfish emails in place
that do nothing for the person that is
going through the buying process.
Sometimes repeat offenders of this use
crazy verbiage and words that just turn
people off. We had an inner circle
member when we audited his email
marketing that was in place use words
like homework and really just continued
to press people on watching a singular
video without actually articulating
anything about the video or what was in
the video or why to watch the video.
Just a lot of like I said before like
really like surface level shallow stuff.
And this isn't uncommon. This is
actually extremely common, especially in
call funnels, challenge funnels, webinar
funnels, anything that has some kind of
like reminderbased sequence or anything
that has a buying cycle that's like more
than just a couple days. This is
critical to be able to master. So, when
we talk about value dense emails, what
we're trying to do is we're trying to
answer all the questions that are
otherwise going to be answered on a
sales call or on a webinar or during a
challenge funnel ahead of time in the
actual email sequence itself. we are
attempting to give people the answers
that they look for that are otherwise
going to prevent them from prioritizing
whatever it is that they are currently
in the queue to show up to. So this
really helps. These valued dense email
sequences help a lot when it comes to
show rates. They help a ton when it
comes to shortening sales cycles,
increasing the odds of pips, some
payinfuls for those unfamiliar. We're
just trying to get more money out of the
buyers and we're trying to make sure
more people show up, increase our
rorowaz for everything that we're
actively spending money on. What you do
here is mandatory. Now, one really
interesting thing that I want to start
with before we actually go into the
emails themselves and some examples of
what to put inside of these is
frequency. Okay, frequency is something
that most people are really scared to
push up. Okay, people seek information
when they go through a buying process.
That has to be your foundational mindset
before you do anything that I'm going to
teach here today. The buyer seeks
information before they buy. Okay? So,
when you withhold the information for
the sales call or when you withhold the
information for the webinar or whatever
the key thing is that they're going to
show up to or not, you dramatically
increase your odds they don't show up.
You dramatically increase their odds
that they buy over a multiple call
duration of time instead of one call
closing and piffing. Okay? You increase
resistance intentionally. We don't have
to put it all in one email. We don't
have to put it all in two emails. You'd
actually be kind of surprised to hear
this statistic. We have businesses that
are sending up to six emails a day.
Essentially, from 6:00 a.m. to 6:00
p.m., they're sending an email every
other hour. Give or take the schedule.
Most of them send anywhere from like
9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. every other hour.
But that's a little nuanced thing. Point
I'm trying to make is up to six times a
day. Even I kind of think that's
audacious and crazy. Feels a little
uncomfortable. However, and this is kind
of the crazy part, the open rate did not
diminish with this level of emails being
sent per day. Quite contrary to what you
might think, the people actually
consumed the emails at a higher rate in
comparison to when fewer emails were
sent. I know when you send a lot of
emails, the key to being able to send a
lot of those emails is they have to be
valued dense and informative. They have
to actually help the counterparty and be
looked at as beneficial to read through.
Because again, when somebody actually
wants to buy something, when there's a
certain level of interest that exists on
the interest spectrum, it's our job as
the business to work that interest up to
a point where they're convicted enough
to purchase. So again, contrary to what
you might think, and what you might
think is likely, "Oh, I'm going to annoy
the [__] out of people. I'm going to get
awful feedback if I sent that amount of
emails, Jeremy. Why in the world would I
want to do that?" And sure, I will admit
you might get one or two people here and
there that are like, "Why the [__] are
you sending me six emails a day?"
However, if your open rates do not
diminish, you continue to potentially
add more than the six a day. So, here's
how it generally works. Okay, let's just
look at this for what it is. If we see
an open rate benchmark that fluctuates a
little bit but stays relatively the
same, we're going to continue increasing
the frequency of the emails until we hit
that cap of six a day. If I am
increasing the quantity of emails that I
send and I start to see a drop, okay, if
I see a drop in open rates, this is when
I know I went too far. So, as an
example, let's say that I successfully
sent off four emails and then when I
sent the fifth, the fifth was the one
that went too far and diminished my open
rate. I know that four is the sweet spot
in that example. If I get the
opportunity to send all six and I don't
have any issues and my open rate
maintains, I'm going up to the six.
Okay. On average, we usually have
anywhere between 72 hours uh sometimes a
little less in order to get off a very
high frequency of emails, especially for
things like call funnels. Certain things
like webinars sometimes will have up to
a 2 week duration of time. I do want to
be very clear since this is a mastery
video that we do change the frequency
count relative to how far out we are
actively promoting the thing and the
wait time is. So, as an example, if I'm
seeing a 48 hour to 72-hour window of
time from the person booking a call, as
an example, before the call occurs, I'm
blasting six a day at that [__] If I
have a webinar and I'm promoting up to
two weeks out, not sending six a day,
that's far too many. Whatever 14 time
six is seems like an actual audacious
amount of emails and it probably goes
beyond the actual amount of information
that I'd otherwise have to send the
person. So, I'm going to reduce it a
fair bit. Okay, I'm still essentially
going to get off my 18 over that two
weeks, but you also got to factor in
like, do you have the ability to
dynamically set an email sequence to
send off a higher amount as you get into
a tighter time frame? Likely not. In
most instances, you're doing kind of
like a set it and forget it model with
marketing automation once those emails
are created. So for webinars, if we
promote up to two weeks out, here's what
we do. And this is very important to
understand. I want to make this really
clear. We will choose to send more
emails towards the tail end of the
sequence. So as an example, let's say
that this is 14 days out over here and
this is the day of the actual webinar in
this case. Okay. And down here
represents our frequency count for how
many we are going to be sending. We are
going to start off with as an example
one. and we are going to work our way
up. So if this is one, two, three, four,
five emails per day and this is the 14
days out. One, two, three, four, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. What we're
going to do is we're going to send one
confirmation and then maybe an email the
second day. Wait until we get a few days
out, another few emails, and then once
we get to the point where the actual
webinar is going to occur, this specific
sweet spot here is when we are going to
start absolutely blasting people with
emails. Okay, so notice we can still
pile on a lot of information within the
final few days, but we are going to
essentially just leave people with some
pretty basic information for that first
duration. Let's say the first 10 days as
an example of the promotion cycle. This
is important to understand. I know I'm
sitting here talking to you about value
dense emails and I don't want to go off
track too much, but I do want to make
sure we pepper this in. On this channel
and in my business, we believe in a
strategy I created called the hammer
them strategy. The hammer them strategy
exists. It's content marketing and it is
a propaganda machine. We're taking short
form and long form pieces of content, 30
to 50 different pieces of short form and
anywhere from about 15 to 25 all the way
up to 30 different pieces of long form
and we're hammering people with it
before key events. So although yes, in
this case for the first 10 days in our
webinar promotion sequence here, we
don't have that many emails going out,
we'd still have a ton of hammer them
content that is blasting this
individual. So we're not too concerned.
We find that the valuedriven emails have
the most impact in the days leading up
to the actual event itself. Usually
about 72 hours, at max about 4 days out.
So to be clear, if it's a call funnel,
we're just immediately upon the day they
book that call, we're sending six a day.
If it's a webinar, as I said, fewer
quantity at first, much higher quantity
as we lead up to the days of the actual
webinar itself. And that'll allow you to
do that set it and forget it kind of
strategy where you're able to just set
it all up and not have to go back and
like dynamically change the sequence as
you go. Okay. So outside of frequency,
now that you understand that piece of it
and you're comfortable with the idea of
knowing how hard you can push it and
knowing what to look for when it comes
to I've gone too far, right? Remember,
diminishing open rate means you've gone
too far. Let's talk real quick about the
open rate statistics that we generally
see on these emails. And again, this is
kind of crazy to me. I've historically
seen anywhere from like 30 to 50% being
a pretty good open rate on emails.
Nowadays, it's very different. And I
know this kind of sounds ridiculous at
first, and it might seem high because
that's what I thought. And I've been a
digital marketer for a very long time.
50 to 70% is the standard open rate that
we're seeing right now when we do this
high frequency of emails. So, when we
see a diminishing effect, it'll drop
into like the 30s, as an example, if
it's historically trended in the 50s. if
it's historically trended in like the
60s or 70s. And I want to make that
really clear, like if I'm doing six a
day, right? Email one through email six,
I might see anywhere between like a 20%
range. That doesn't mean that if my
first one's 70 and my second one's 50,
that that's too many. That just means
there's a range to it. You have to know
the floor and you have to know the
ceiling. Okay? So, when you officially
launch this, try to look for those
brackets that you're going to work
between because again, your floor and
your ceiling, when you break the floor
by a significant amount, that's what's
going to be your indicator that you've
gone too far and that you need to pull
it back a fair bit. Does that make sense
to you? I hope it does. Okay. So,
anyway, long story short, outside of
these, again, rather crazy high open
rates, I want to talk real quick about
the click-through rate. So, clickthrough
rate is generally still about the same.
we see about two to 5% for our
click-through rates for whatever links
we put inside of these emails. And this
is a great transition point. This is an
awesome bridge to talking about the
emails themselves. Okay. One thing that
a lot of like old school practices
embody is taking the emails and using
them to like drive people to some form
of a consumable. Now, we like doing
that, too. We are big fans of
consumables on this channel.
consumables. What you want to be
thinking with is like videos, podcasts,
uh, explainer pages, sales assets, trust
assets, which we have entire videos
dedicated to on this channel to help you
understand how those work and what those
are. But I want to be really clear when
I say this. Due to the fact that there's
such a low click-through rate on the
consumables that are placed within these
emails, we treat the emails like they
are the consumable. Thus why we get to
the mindset of we clearly need
values. Okay, so let me be really clear
real quick on how consumables work in a
brief way rather than doing what we did
in the entire video dedicated to
consumables and sales assets and trust
assets on this channel. Consumables as
an example, let's talk about it in the
form of like a sales asset or a trust
asset. When we have companies that use
tools like Gamma or Google Docs or even
just standalone landing pages that are
used for their follow-up sequences,
they'll put a lot of like really good
information on. They'll have like case
studies and testimonials. They'll have
breakout videos explaining all types of
commonly asked and answered questions on
those pages. Just think of like a really
long FAQ consumable. Like it's a video
that talks about these things. It's a
page that just has all the answers and
like visuals and other videos paired in
with it. um both writing, videos,
audios, you know, these kinds of things
are all paired in one place and you're
driving traffic to them from your emails
generally. Well, as great as those those
really are, we see that they have a lot
more clicks when sales people are
manually sending those things out. When
we use those same sales assets and trust
assets inside of our actual emails,
again, 2 to 5% click-through rates means
that 95 to 98% of people that are
sitting there reading these things
aren't actually clicking on them. So
therefore, they don't get the effect of
them. From that perspective, when we
build out our value dense emails, we
want to take the content of those
consumables of those trust assets and
sales assets and put them into an
extremely valued dense email sequence.
Okay, so let's talk about how these
emails are generally structured because
this is really important that you
understand this. Again, when we're
looking at up to six emails a day, the
content is really important. You have to
have a range. You can't just talk
lightly about specific things and then
break it out over a few different
emails. That's not the point of these
things. I'll give you a few key
examples. We do have an entire document.
We have an SOP that we've recently
created on confirmation page best
practices. And within this SOP that we
provide to all our inner circle members
and in addition to that to all our
master internet marketing members as
well, you'll see here although they're
blurred out that there are really high
quantity of questions that we encourage
that people ask and answer that as it
relates to their sales process. These
are generally used for what we call
breakout videos. Now, breakout videos.
This is one of those examples where I'll
explain something to you, but I want to
be really directed in saying I'm holding
a lot of the information back for the
people who pay us. People like our inner
circle members that do twice a month
one-on-one calls, weekly group calls, or
quarterly inerson masterminds have
access, unlimited access at that to AI
Jeremy, have the group chat uh full of
rich people trying to get a hell of a
lot richer. just shy of a thousand
different course videos on topics just
like this but in extreme depth with a
lot of examples and also the ability to
obviously ask us questions. In addition
to that have our master internet
marketing members where they get seven
weeks of super in-depth extremely long,
very valuable course lessons and videos.
It is a live class. When you join in in
between live classes, you get the
recording straight away. And then when
you join in when we're leading up to a
live cohort, by the way, our next one's
coming up here late summer of 2025. Very
exciting. We generally do it on an
annual basis for our live classes.
Sometimes we do them every other year.
It depends on how much happens in the
marketing world that then requires us to
go back and update the entire class.
That way, everybody's working with
updated information. We still drop
lessons inside of the classes in between
the live cohorts to make sure that
everybody's up to date regardless. That
also comes with a community and limited
access to AI Jeremy. But I digress.
Point I'm trying to make is I'm going to
hold back a little bit in this breakout
video topic that I'm going to articulate
to you now. So breakout videos, we like
to put them on confirmation pages and we
also like to use the content of those
videos inside of our value dense emails.
So in most instances you'll have
anywhere between six and all the way up
to like 18 of these breakout videos on
the confirmation pages of your call
funnels, of your webinars after somebody
opts in, of your challenge funnels after
somebody purchases a ticket. You can
even put breakout videos on the
confirmation pages after somebody
purchases a low ticket product. That
way, it helps with the ascension to the
high ticket product. You see, breakout
videos are a fundamental strategy that
we are currently leveraging across the
board in all of our different offers
because they help the framing. They do
the same thing that we're talking about
here. Breakout videos, just like valued
dense email sequences, shorten sales
cycles, increase the odds that somebody
actually pays in full and purchases. So
it increases close rates and again this
is the most important part. We see again
and again and again a massive lift in
our show rates as a result of doing
these things. So again this video is
dedicated to value dense email sequences
but I bring up breakout videos because
the content of those videos is explained
at length inside of each valued dense
email that gets created. And even though
only 2 to 5% of people will click
through, we will still send the ability
for a person to go and consume that
breakout video wherever it may be hosted
at, whether it's within a sales asset,
trust asset, or just back to the
confirmation page. We also will have
clients build out standalone landing
pages that have that singular breakout
video on it. That way, the sales people
can use it when specific questions come
up. And that way, you can also leverage
it inside of valued dense emails. You
see how this is working here? The
content's not tough. Let me tell you
some places that you source the content
from and just give you some ideas for
breakout videos, too, while we're at it.
It's from your sales process. A lot of
people like to guess. They like to take
a a stab at what they think people want
to know. Just this most recent week, I
sat down to film some breakout videos
for one of our offers, Master Internet
Marketing. You know what I did to come
up with the questions that needed
answered? I called the sales team and I
said, "Hey guys, what are the questions
that people are currently asking? What
comes up most often? What holds people
back from buying? What when after
somebody hears it makes them buy at a
faster rate?" And I got a whole slew of
different things. Okay? So, I want to be
really clear on those categories again
because you need to be thinking with
this. A lot of people when they think of
like, "Oh, well, what can I do to
actually get somebody to show up at a
higher rate? What can I do to condense
sales cycles?" They exclusively think of
the reasons that somebody would not do
something which is important to cover.
Absolutely. But you also have to cover
why they would do something and why they
do already do something. Okay. So again,
talk to your sales team and ask guys,
what greases the wheels here on getting
a deal done? What after somebody hears
it just makes them say, "I'm in." What
are the things that you guys are annoyed
by that you consistently have to talk
about? What are you guys noticing that
if somebody's thinking a specific way
prevents them from closing on that call
and requires a follow-up call to occur?
What are you guys noticing that people
have as questions as it relates to price
or potentially funding as an example?
And you get all these answers and then
some. And like I described, we have an
entire confirmation page breast practice
SOP that we give to all our students and
our inner circle members where we cover
in depth a lot of these types of
questions that we see commonly across
the board looking at all the different
high ticket products and service-based
businesses that we currently help. So
anyway, point I'm trying to make is you
should be able to easily come up with as
an example, let's say you have three
days worth of six emails a day that you
need to send. You got 18 different
emails that you need to write, 18
different questions that you are
answering in depth. Or let's use the
example that you don't get the benefit
of doing six emails a day because around
maybe three or four, you saw a
diminishing return on open rates. Not a
problem. Just means you're going to
answer more questions inside of singular
emails in comparison to spreading them
out over singular emails. Point is,
you're going to be writing very long for
valuable emails for probably the first
time in your business. And you're going
to support those emails with links to
videos or other consumables that give
people additional information on those
topics that you're speaking on when
requested. It's that simple. That's all
valued dense emails really are. They
come out to hundreds if not low
thousands in terms of word count. They
answer the same stuff that's going to be
talked about on sales calls. They also
address things for why people would not
show up or would not prioritize being
there. And more importantly than
anything else, they address the reasons
for why people will buy and why they do
buy already. And it's very important to
note if you do not see a profound impact
on show rate, close rates, more people
doing pay in fulls, aka if you don't see
your AOV go up by a fair bit, that means
you're likely not doing this correctly.
When we combine the confirmation page
best practices and breakout videos with
these value dense
emails, I mean, it is substantial in
terms of the impact that we can
quantifiably see across those KPIs. Now,
I want to be fair in saying in this
video, I know I've only talked about the
value dense emails and I've not talked
about some of those other variables like
the confirmation page best practices and
like the breakout videos. However, the
reason I know this is still going to be
wildly impactful for those that are in
the pursuit of seven figure months is
we've seen businesses where, keep in
mind, guys, like we work with busy, rich
people for a living. Sometimes these
people don't even have the time to sit
down and make the breakout videos that
we need them to film for weeks at a
time. But that doesn't negate the fact
that we can immediately get some emails
in play. So when we launch these emails,
we still see a profound impact in those
statistics that I talked about. But when
we combine it with everything at once
that we can do, obviously we see a
little bit more of a profound impact
above and beyond just doing a singular
one of those variables. Hope this helps.
This is one of my favorite things. It
works so well. And as I mentioned, for
those that are in the inner circle and
for those that are in my master internet
marketing groups, we have plenty of
SOPs, uh, examples, and actual templates
to go through for supporting you in
doing this. So that'd be a great reason
to buy. Check out the links down in the
description and I look forward to
helping you get richer either way. Go
check out some of the other videos on my
channel just in case you missed a few of
the recent ones. They're all good. And
subscribe to the channel if you haven't
done so already. Talk soon.